Add concrete error types for add_spend and add_output (#366)
zcash/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- `orchard::builder`:
  - `SpendError` 
  - `OutputsDisabled` 

### Changed

> - `orchard::builder::Builder::{add_spend, add_output}` now use 
>   concrete error types instead of `&'static str`s. 
> - `orchard::builder::Error` is now `BuildError` to differentiate from
>   new error types

Reviewer: Formatting:
```suggestion
- `orchard::builder`:
  - `Builder::{add_spend, add_output}` now use concrete error types instead of
    `&'static str`s.
  - `Error` has been renamed to `BuildError` to differentiate from new error
    types.
```

- impls of `Eq` for:
  - `orchard::zip32::ChildIndex`
  - `orchard::value::ValueSum`
- `orchard::builder`:
  - `SpendError` 
  - `OutputsDisabled` 

### Changed
- Migrated to `zcash_note_encryption 0.2`.
- `orchard::builder::Builder::{add_spend, add_output}` now use 
  concrete error types instead of `&'static str`s. 

> - `orchard::builder::Error` is now `BuildError` to differentiate from

Author: Fixed!

> - `orchard::builder::Error` is now `BuildError` to differentiate from

Author: Fixed!
